when I say survives and obviously
everyone's quite nervous apprehensive
faces of their parents of bags you just
meet everyone and everyone's in the same
boat so M yeah it was it was quite easy
today and welcome to my room and I'm in
one of the newest blocks in Toronto
which is least you I think I've got a
really good-sized room for lots of
storage place this of store your
personal items and there's lots of
different places that you could be and
there's drama Terry style areas where
you could be on a floor with lots of
abscess of 20 people or you could be in
one of their the houses we were randomly
put in houses and at first I was I was a
bit unsure about what it would be like
as opposed to being on the floor but I
do think it's been really good for me it
gives you a wee bit more autonomy you're
you're close to everything like the
dining room and the German the main
common room but you've got well I've got
to slightly a bigger room than other
ones I've seen you've got I've got my
own kitchen downstairs there's five of
us in this house and it just gives you a
little bit more independence and it's
quite homely
any sorts of first we had the speed
meeting which is where everyone turns
off and you get like couple of minutes
to talk to the other people that you
haven't met in around it these
activities are traditional at this time
of year as a way of getting people
comfortable with each other and the
Arana community at around a college
we're all about balance having very
bright scholars we don't want them
working in their rooms all the time so
sport social and cultural activities are
very much part of the traditional around
a college life everyone knows that
they're here firstly for the academic
study and everyone is really driven
towards doing their best personally and
helping the others in the college we get
really good support here at ara単a
there's tutorials which really helps us
get a better understanding of the
content and we know it's going to help
us get over the line at the end of the
year the culture of Dharana is one of
being in a high-performance zone clearly
the community is an academic community
and the tone is one of be the best you
can be that's the time everyone speaks
highly of the food and everyone's keen
to see what's 14 mixed you can go online
and see what the menu is for the week
and everyone's always looking forward to
the next meal here Tirana I really think
the program of activities caters for
every kind of person if you're quiet
there's lots of things you can do here
we're always really encouraged the
suspect we've got sports night on our
floors and our groups which we have once
a week there's always events to compete
for different things but from the
ecology and outside the cards and of
course everyone likes to have a social
time as well on the weekends so it's
certainly a bit of everything here at
ara単a
frankly we're scholars in scalawags we
like to have a good time and a balanced
time so we get the focus with academic
results but we have a lot of fun in a
good clean safe way while we're doing it